Proofreading MO Guide (#11605)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/tf_specific/Convert_NCF_From_Tensorflow.md

# Converting a TensorFlow Neural Collaborative Filtering Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_tf_specific_Convert_NCF_From_Tensorflow}

> This tutorial explains how to convert Neural Collaborative Filtering (NCF) model to the Intermediate Representation (IR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial explains how to convert Neural Collaborative Filtering (NCF) model to the OpenVINO Intermediate Representation.
```

> [Public TensorFlow NCF model](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/official/recommendation) does not contain pretrained weights. To convert this model to the IR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Public TensorFlow NCF model](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/official/recommendation) does not contain pre-trained weights. To convert this model to the IR:
```

 1. Use [the instructions](https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/official/recommendation#train-and-evaluate-model) from this repository to train the model.

>  2. Freeze the inference graph you get in previous step in `model_dir`, following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Freeze the inference graph you get in the previous step in `model_dir`, following
```

```
where `rating/BiasAdd` is an output node.

>  3. Convert the model to IR. If you look at your frozen model, you can see that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. Convert the model to the OpenVINO format. If you look at your frozen model, you can see that
```
